all right bear with me you guys I've
been fighting this cold all week and
woke up sick as a dog this morning and I
didn't want to get out of bed to watch
the eagles embarrass themselves remember
I'm on the west coast I have to be up at
ten a.m. to watch these games but you
know me I couldn't miss a game this
Eagles opening drive made me feel a
little bit better seen Andy Reid being
super aggressive going for it on fourth
down on two occasions and he converted
both times and then they ended that
opening drive with a touchdown pass to
Jeremy Maclin yeah that got me really
excited and that was actually only the
second time that the Eagles have scored
on their opening drive this season in
typical Eagles fashion they gave us a
glimmer of hope before they crashed and
burned you know it's not an Eagles game
without any turnovers right well they
didn't wait long to start coughing up
the ball no pun intended and this time
it wasn't Bryce Brown giving up the ball
it was actually Nick Foles with a fumble
and interception the fumble was a result
of our o-line collapsing as usual and
then the interception was a tip ball but
outside of those turnovers Nick Foles
did pretty good with 345 yards passing
and a touchdown he should have had
another touchdown pass to tie things up
at the last few seconds of this game
where Eagles had first and goal with 11
seconds left and even more dropped the
past that was Ryan in his hands and
should have been a touchdown even more
don't know who that is neither did we on
monday cuz we picked him up on tuesday
at this point i become jaded to these
losses where I don't even get mad I just
want our players to develop for next
season on the positive side of things
the Eagles were in this game and this
was a game that was a battle of rookie
qbs one that's been starting all season
and one that hasn't and all things
considered I think Nick Foles hung in
there pretty well you give foals in
oline that can block and a full season
to play I think we'll see some great
things moving forward another positive
was nnamdi didn't get burned this game
and when speaking of Nnamdi Asomugha i
have to say a huge thank you to the
philadelphia eagles organization they
sent me a special gift this holiday
season it's an autographed ball signed
by mr. 24 himself
and I am looking forward to collecting a
lot more autographs on this ball
throughout the upcoming season so the
eagles lose 20 to 27 to the redskins and
I gotta give props to rg3 and this
Redskins team that deep pass to Santana
Moss was real nice and I'll say this out
of all the teams in the NFC east I hate
the Redskins the least so I hope y'all
win the division good luck for the rest
of the season hopefully my Eagles will
help you out by taking down the Giants
do just say that ah I must be really
sick I think I need some more medicine
cuz I'm starting to go crazy lastly I
have to give a shout out to mr. Ripert
eagle who sent me this awesome Christmas
gift I'm actually wearing it right now
it's an eagle's tank top and it's my new
favorite tank top to wear it's got these
really cool it's actually semi
see-through ooh la la oh yes so thank
you ryan i love it it's awesome and i
have a couple other people that said
they're sending me something which i
can't wait to get it I love Eagles gear
so you guys are making this horrible it
will season so much better for me and I
appreciate that I appreciate all of you
so hope you all have a wonderful holiday
and a merry christmas and until next
time this is Dahlia with the
Philadelphia Nations signing off hey G
l.e.s yo